# Tech-ritique

## Description
In this challenge, we were required to use handlebars and build a webpage for use in the Heroku deployed website. This was an exercise in using the difficult Model-View Controller setup. In accordance with this, there were folders for models, views, and controllers in conjunction with handlebars. Seeds were also made to implement the database.

## Installation
Modified JS scripts for the exercise, including routes for each JS file in the 'api' folder. Comment, Post, and User js files had parameters set up in each respective section partly generated by starter code.

Required the installation of "bcrypt", "connect-session-sequelize", "dotenv", "express", "express-handlebars", "express-session", "mysql2", and "sequelize".

Provided proper file structure for code and output.

Completed code pushed to GitHub.

Application and demonstration done on Heroku. Links are provided further down in this README.

## Usage
The end user will be able to run the application in the Heroku deployed site using the code laid out by yours truly in Visual Studio Code. With Heroku, the end user has the ability to use the webpage by being able to use, comment, and post, using the html on the site.

## Links
[Repository](https://github.com/AbeThomas82/Tech-ritique)

[Heroku](https://tech-critique-b78ddb93211f.herokuapp.com/login)

## Credits
Spencer Sokol and Katherine Hopkins

Scott Everett and Sangeetha Kaliaperumal of Calendly

The TA's of AskBCS

Lee Stevens, Jennifer Arevalo, Oscar Mercado, and other classmates

## Notes
I did the best I could and deployed as much code as I could manage. Please grade mercifully.